README.md, before:

# Getting Started with the EWS Managed API

The Exchange Web Services (EWS) Managed API provides a managed interface for developing .NET client applications that use EWS.
By using the EWS Managed API, you can access almost all the information stored in an Office 365, Exchange Online, or Exchange Server mailbox.

## Download options

The EWS Managed API is available as an open-source project on GitHub, or as a Microsoft Windows Installer on the [Microsoft Download Center](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=255472). 
The project available on GitHub is based on the EWS Managed API 2.3, and includes any additional improvements since then. 

## Getting started

- [Get started with EWS Managed API client applications](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/office/dn567668(v=exchg.150).aspx)
- [How to: Reference the EWS Managed API assembly](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/office/dn528373(v=exchg.150).aspx)
- [How to: Set the EWS service URL by using the EWS Managed API](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/office/dn509511(v=exchg.150).aspx)
- [How to: Communicate with EWS by using the EWS Managed API](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/office/dn467891(v=exchg.150).aspx)
- [How to: Trace requests and responses to troubleshoot EWS Managed API applications](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/office/dn495632(v=exchg.150).aspx)

## Documentation

Documentation for the EWS Managed API is available in the [MSDN Library](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms123401.aspx).
In addition to the getting started links provided, MSDN has how to topics and code samples for the most frequently used EWS Managed API objects in the [Develop](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/office/jj900166(v=exchg.150).aspx) node. All the latest information about the EWS Managed API, EWS, and related web services can be found under the [Explore the EWS Managed API, EWS, and web services in Exchange](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/office/jj536567(v=exchg.150).aspx) topic on MSDN.

## Prerequisites

- A C# compiler to build the DLL files. We recommend Visual Studio 2013.
- A mailbox on Office 365 or an Exchange server that is running Exchange Online or a version of Exchange starting with Exchange Server 2007.
- A version of the .NET Framework starting with the .NET Framework 3.5.

## Resources

- [Exchange 101 code samples](http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/Exchange-2013-101-Code-3c38582c)
- [EWS Managed API reference](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/jj220535(v=exchg.80).aspx)

## Community

Exchange has an active developer community that you can turn to when you need help. We recommend using the [Exchange Server Development forum on MSDN](http://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/home?category=exchangeserver&filter=alltypes&sort=lastpostdesc), or using the [ews] tag on [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ews).

Commit message:

Update to the latest source from MS
Restore .gitignore and README.md

README.md, after:

# Getting Started with the EWS Managed API
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/OfficeDev/ews-managed-api?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

The Exchange Web Services (EWS) Managed API provides a managed interface for developing .NET client applications that use EWS.
By using the EWS Managed API, you can access almost all the information stored in an Office 365, Exchange Online, or Exchange Server mailbox.

## Download options

Download EWS Managed API via [nuget](http://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Exchange.WebServices/).

## Getting started resources

See the following articles to help you get started:
- [Get started with EWS Managed API client applications](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/office/dn567668(v=exchg.150).aspx)
- [How to: Reference the EWS Managed API assembly](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/office/dn528373(v=exchg.150).aspx)
- [How to: Set the EWS service URL by using the EWS Managed API](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/office/dn509511(v=exchg.150).aspx)
- [How to: Communicate with EWS by using the EWS Managed API](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/office/dn467891(v=exchg.150).aspx)
- [How to: Trace requests and responses to troubleshoot EWS Managed API applications](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/office/dn495632(v=exchg.150).aspx)

## Documentation

Documentation for the EWS Managed API is available in the [Web services](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/office/dd877012(v=exchg.150).aspx) node of the [MSDN Library](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms123401.aspx).
In addition to the getting started links provided, you can find how to topics and code samples for the most frequently used EWS Managed API objects in the [Develop](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/office/jj900166(v=exchg.150).aspx) node. All the latest information about the EWS Managed API, EWS, and related web services can be found under the [Explore the EWS Managed API, EWS, and web services in Exchange](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/office/jj536567(v=exchg.150).aspx) topic on MSDN.

## Prerequisites

You need the following to work with the EWS Managed API:
- A C# compiler to build the DLL files. We recommend Visual Studio 2013.
- A mailbox on Office 365 or an Exchange server that is running Exchange Online or a version of Exchange starting with Exchange Server 2007.
- A version of the .NET Framework starting with the .NET Framework 3.5.

## Additional resources

- [Exchange 101 code samples](http://code.msdn.microsoft.com/Exchange-2013-101-Code-3c38582c)
- [EWS Managed API reference](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/jj220535(v=exchg.80).aspx)

## Community

Exchange has an active developer community that you can turn to when you need help. We recommend using the [Exchange Server Development forum on MSDN](http://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/home?category=exchangeserver&filter=alltypes&sort=lastpostdesc), or using the [ews] tag on [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ews).
